Add description to connector frontmatter to improve SEO (#5492)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/dev-resources/introduction.md

---
id: introduction
title: Getting started - Plugin development

> description: "Learn how to use the centreon-plugins Perl framework to develop your own Centreon monitoring plugins and packs."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to use the centreon-plugins framework to develop your own plugins and why not post them as contributions on Centreon's GitHub."
```
